{\rtf1\adeflang1093\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f45\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}LucidaGrande;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Vrinda;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Vrinda;}{\f323\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f324\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f326\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f327\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f328\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f329\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f330\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f331\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f323\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f324\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f326\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f327\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f328\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f329\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f330\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f331\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;\red217\green11\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs28\alang1093 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs28\alang1093 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3802443\rsid5667950}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Mokter Hossain}{\operator Mokter Hossain}
{\creatim\yr2014\mo9\dy29\hr13\min34}{\revtim\yr2014\mo9\dy29\hr13\min34}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords2838}{\nofchars16179}{\nofcharsws18980}{\vern49167}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1800\margb1800\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot3802443 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs28\alang1093 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs28\cf1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Gendered Voices: Provocateur in an On-Line Virtual Conference 

\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Course for In-Service Teachers
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\insrsid5667950 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs20\cf17\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 NOTE: Do not include the author name(s) and information in the initial submission. All reviews are blind. After\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 acceptance, prior to the early registration deadline, upload your final version and include this section.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\insrsid5667950 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Sherry Markel
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Center for Excellence in Education
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Northern Arizona University
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 United States
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 sherry.markel@nau.edu
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li1080\ri1440\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin1440\lin1080\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs18\cf1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Abstract}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs18\cf1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 : This paper is a report \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
on the findings of a study conducted on a graduate level virtual conference summer school course. Discourse analysis techniques were used to examine the resulting transcript of texts for evidence of a democratic discourse within a community of learners. F
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 i\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
ndings indicate that gender is not masked in the text driven discussions on the Internet.  Distinctive discursive styles are often sex class linked.  Like face to face or classroom contexts, status is accorded unequally within discourse communities.  Part
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 i\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
cipants are not equal and are not equally attended or responded to.  Educators need to take a serious and wary approach to accepting claims of ensured democratic participation in computer mediated communication formatted classes.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\insrsid5667950 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs24\cf1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Introduction
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\insrsid5667950 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\insrsid5667950 \tab 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 Classroom discourse has been recognized as important to the educational experience of students.  \'93\loch\f44 
Speech makes available to reflection the processes by which they [students] relate new knowledge to old.  But this possibility depends on the social relatio\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 n\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
ships, the communication system, which the teacher sets up\'94\loch\f44 
 (Cazden, 1986, p. 432).  Vygotskian concepts concerning semiotics and the mediation of higher mental functioning by tools and signs (including speech and language) have been used by cognitive sci\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 e
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 ntists and educational researchers (Bruner,1990, Wertsch, in Moll, 1990) to study the intimate relationships between discourse and learning.  Vygotsky was concerned with how the \'93\loch\f44 
forms of discourse encountered in the social institution of formal schooling\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 provide the underlying framework within which concept development occurs\'94\loch\f44 
 (Wertsch, 1990, p.116).   New concepts of classrooms and formal schooling have come of age with the advent of the use of the Internet and virtual conference forums and seminars. New\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
forms of discourse are taking place within these virtual classrooms.  Computer mediated communication involves electronic discourse.  This is a written form of communication that reads like speech acts of conversation.  Davis and Brewer (1997) have referr
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 e\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 d to this quality as \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 writing talking\'94\loch\f44 
 (p.2). Computer mediated communication is different from face-to-face conversations in important ways.  Participation is asynchronous and often there is a time lag between the initial posting of a message and the res\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 p
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 onses it generates.  Interactivity can be delayed by minutes, hours, days.  Every participant has equal access to the conversational floor and turn taking is never an issue.  Software formats delineate each participants
\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44  contribution as a separate entity \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 a\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
nd it is listed in the order received.  Speakers within these conversations are not able to talk over or interrupt another.  Participants are able to refer back to previous speech acts within a discussion thread in ways that face-to-face experiences never
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 afford. Conversations are scripts that are archived and saved as transcripts. Claims have been made \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
that the electronic medium exercises a democratizing influence on communication\'94\loch\f44  (Herring, 1992, p.250).  This claim is the focus of this study.  If oppor\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 t\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
unities to engage in reflection and conversations are opportunities for learning, it is vitally important to be aware of the patterns of discourse being used in this new medium of communication.  Is it really true that there is more equality of participat
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 i\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 on in discussions and with the lack of nonverbal status cues are these electronic forums classrooms where power and control do not mirror society\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s status quo?

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\ul\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 The Study
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Electronic discourse within computer mediated virtual courses supports conversatio\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
ns of practice and learning.  There are performance features within these conversations that can be studied using the same focal lenses used to examine face-to-face conversations.  Conversations have negotiated meanings and values in either context. Is th
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 e\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
re a dominant speaker, one who contributes the most text, introduces the highest number of topics, receives the most number of directed speech acts?  What are the frames (Tannen, 1996) set within the conversations?  How do the participants position themse
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 l\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 ves within the conversation, within the discussion group?  Are particular stances sex class (Tannen, 1996) linked? Are there participants who are not \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
listened\'94\loch\f44  or attended to?  
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Transcripts were collected from a graduate level virtual conference seminar \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
course taught during summer session, 1998 at Northern Arizona University.  Participants were in-service classroom teachers.  A kindergarten through high school grade range of classroom assignments was represented by these teachers. Course work included ou
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 t\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
side class reading assignments of selected current research in the field, a final research paper, and active participation in the on-line discussion forum with focus questions by the instructor. The seminar offered was a Tools for Teachers course designed
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
to promote reflective practice.  Seven teachers from four different communities participated in this pilot course during the summer of 1998.  Five of the participants were female and two were males. An interactional sociolinguistics (Schiffrin, 1995) appr
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 o\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
ach was used to examine the texts of conversations. This approach draws upon concepts of culture, society, language, and the self.  The meaning, structure, and use of language is socially and culturally relative (Gumperz, 1982).  Meaning in dialog, like t
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 h\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
at of conversation, is socially constructed.  Data was also examined for evidence of micro displays of sex class linked gender identities;  displays that are commonly associated specifically with either gender. An example of this is the use of tag questio
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 n\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
s.  Female participants, much more so than males, tend to use tag questions as a discourse strategy to invite response and inclusion or solidarity within the group. (Tannen, 1994)  Simple quantitative analysis was done to determine total lines of text gen
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 e\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
rated by each participant, amount of participation, total sums of questions, statements, as well as number of directed responses sent and received.  Patterns of participation were mapped/graphed and correlated to the contexts of interactions.  Style, regi
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 s\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 ter, and \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 voice\'94\loch\f44  or tone analysis were also used on the data sets to try to discover the dynamics among the participants.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Findings
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \tab 
\loch\af44\dbch\af31505\hich\f44 \'93\loch\f44 C___ [male], I hope I\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 m doing this right.  I thought your observations were right on target.  I subbed for high school a\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
nd jr. high classes.  High school was the best.  I definitely felt the kids were on my level.  They either took repsonibility (sic) or they didn\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 \hich\f44 
t.  How neat to have such a small class, but more importantly to know the parents as well as you do.  \'85\loch\f44 . How d\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 o\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 es that work where you\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 \hich\f44 
re at?  Do the kids have problems that need home visits or is it even necessary in such a small town?\'94\loch\f44   [S]
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 This example of a speech act from the summer school course illustrates the hedging, expressions of support and appreciation,\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 and use of directed questions to elicit a response described by Herring (1996) as a Supportive/Attenuated style.  This is a communicative style sex class linked with female participants. S has been teaching for over 15 years in elementary classrooms.  Sh
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 e\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 links some of her experiences with this beginning high school teacher.  It is no accident that this just happens to be a male participant.  The speech act was written during the second week of a five week course.  C had joined the course the second week.
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44  S was responding to his first posting.  Note that her beginning sentence sets a tentative tone \'93\loch\f44 I hope I\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 \hich\f44 m doing this right.
\'94\loch\f44  that tempers her statements concerning her own experiences.  She encourages C twice concerning his observations and knowing his \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 s\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 tudents\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 
 parents well.  She further empowers and encourages C by asking two direct questions, inviting C to talk more about his experience.  
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Contrast S\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s speech act with the following from D, a male middle school teacher who has been teaching for two yea\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 rs.
\par \tab \loch\af44\dbch\af31505\hich\f44 \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 I tried something different, I read the remarks first and will reply, then I will read the assignments.  Since M [female] is the only one who has responded  so far, here goes.  M, I agree that 
\'93\loch\f44 schools who supported reforms, who have teachers collabo\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 rating and are used to restructuring are more successful.\'94\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
 However, as we have already discussed, the changes and reforms need to be bottom up and not top down.  In C. county\'85\loch\f44  we have district curriculum, but it includes so much that practically every tea\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 c
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 her except the newbies know that they can\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 
t possibly cover everything in most of them.  Instead, they pick and choose those they feel are most important and cover them.  Now the district (top down) is mandating benchmarks for departments.  These are desig\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 n
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
ed to put every class at the same point at the end of each quarter or semester, since ____ has such a transient population.  That way each student can receive the same material no matter where they are.  In theory it sound (sic) great but it doesn
\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 t give \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 t\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 eachers the flexibility to teach to the students according to their needs.  It also varies greatly by the so called \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
curriculum specialists\'94\loch\f44  who are supposed to be leading the effort.  Some curricular areas are nothing more than dictatorships, telling tea\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 c\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
hers what they will be doing.  Others, such as my math curriculum specialists, have given total freedom to our teachers to design our own benchmarks\'85\loch\f44 
. so I guess my point is that standards, benchmarks, or curriculum guides can be very benificial (sic) if \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 t\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 eachers have direct input into the documents.  If not, they\hich\f44 \rquote 
\loch\f44 \hich\f44 re likely not worth the paper they are printed on.\'94\loch\f44  [D]
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 This is one of D\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s shortest speech acts.  The register is a little formal, a little distant and the tone intent is that of a lecture.  He h\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
as directed this speech act at M, an experienced middle school teacher.  The initial construction, \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 M, I agree\'85\'94\loch\f44  reads as if it might be the beginning of a supportive communication like S\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 
s to C.  Reading on reveals the true nature of the communication.  \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 I\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
t is an opportunity for D to display his knowledge and opinions in neutral, informative style that slips into the use of sarcasm when referring to \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 so called curriculum specialists\'94\loch\f44 
.  Herring (1996) posits that this is a male voice.  D does use three modi\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 f\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 iers. \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 I tried\'94\loch\f44 \hich\f44  in the first sentence and \'93\loch\f44 
\hich\f44 here goes\'94\loch\f44 \hich\f44  in the second sentence.  The last modifier is in the second to last sentence when he writes, \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 so I guess my point..\'94\loch\f44 
.  Each of these modifiers serves to soften the tone of authority that underwrites th\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 i\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 s communication.  This sample is very typical of this participant in tone and style.  
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Looking at the data quantitatively, D contributed 32% of the lines of the seminar transcripts.  There were 1,420 lines of communication and D wrote 450 of these.  The n\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
ext closest in number was S who contributed 314 lines.  These results are similar for the number of speech acts.  D had the highest number with 18.  S and K (female) tied for second highest with 15.  With this analysis alone, it might not be safe to say t
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 h\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 at D dominated the discourse.  Further analysis of who received directed responses and who sent directed responses revealed an interesting pattern, see [Table 1].
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 D was clearly the most active participant, the most verbal text contributor and he was the p\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
articipant who received the most directed responses.  Initial speculations looking at the study data were that the females who used active discourse strategies to solicit responses and engagement by other participants would receive more directed responses
.\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
  This did not turn out to be the case.  K (female) sent 36 directed responses, the highest number of the seminar.  She only received 12 directed responses in return.  The most disturbing of all data was Ds (female) who sent 4 directed responses and recei
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 v\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 ed none.  Ds participated the least, only 43 lines of text. The following is a representative example of Ds\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s discourse style.
\par \tab \loch\af44\dbch\af31505\hich\f44 \'93\loch\f44 Wow what a good article, I personally use (sic) to read.  I read a lot, I mean an inch or two thickness of books.  Now, I have \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 been molded into \'93\loch\f44 
\hich\f44 the student teacher\'94\loch\f44  So lately, I\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 \hich\f44 ve read for credit, now I need to get back into \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 read just to read\'94.
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 I think that the video club idea, about teachers seeing each other teach is interesting.  I could see a lot of attitute (sic) come up \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
in a situation like that.  But I think that everyone would need to respond professionally and always have a good intent. I know that we have been told of something about ourselves that we do and are unaware of. \'85\loch\f44 
. This is a nice program, and I hope there \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 i\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
s something out there for Music teachers.  We are constantly decided (sic) on what pieces to buy, a similar discussion on music would be neat.  If you know of any let me know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af45\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f45\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\loch\af45\dbch\af31505\hich\f45 \u977\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \loch\af44\dbch\af31505\hich\f44 \'94
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 Ds had just finished her student teaching and so was the lowest \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 status\'94\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 of the group as far as teaching experience.  She alerts the seminar group to her status in this communication. Ds is a Native American for whom English is a second language.  None of the participants responded to Ds.  The important questions here concern
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 why Ds\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 \hich\f44 
s participation was marginalized.  Her participation was not attended to, not responded to.  Was this because of her writing or grammatical style?  Was it because of her tentative comments such as \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 nice program\'94\loch\f44 
? She is the only member of the semin\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 a\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
r to use an emoticon which has been sex class linked to females.  It is highly likely that her gender, her ethnicity and her lack of experience as a teacher all were communicated through her text based communication and conspired against her.  Ds was not 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 s\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 een as a competent participant in the discussions.  Ds did not participate actively in the on-line seminar.  The lack of response was surely discouraging.  
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Table 1}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
Mapping the number of directed responses received by each participant each week. G represents the 
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  total group.  A number of responses were directed to the group as a whole.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 K was an experienced participant in on-line discussion groups.  She was a memb\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
er of a state-wide program funded with an NSF grant that maintained a discussion forum with teachers across the state.  She is the participant that sent out 36 directed responses and only received 12 directed back at her in return.  If linguistic/technolo
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 g\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 ical competence is not the issue here, what were the dynamics that determined if a participant was read and responded to?
\par \tab \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Further examination of D\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s speech act communications reveal a style of Absolute.  D always made statements in a tone of challenge. 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi720\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 E\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 xample \'93\'85\loch\f44 \hich\f44 
Yet the public continues to believe that it is the students, teachers, and school who are failing.  Once again, I will return to the idea of Obsolete.  We are not failing, the system is obsolete!!!\'94\loch\f44   
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 On the first couple of passes through the data\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 I had missed the significance of the style.  D was not only holding court and lecturing throughout the whole seminar, he was also inviting participation and response from others by being a provocateur with his strong, emphatic stances.  The female partic
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 i\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 pants explicitly asked for responses with direct questions while this male individual invited response with challenges. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Conclusions
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi720\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 D\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s linguistic strategies were the most successful in this seminar. This is not the equal, level playing field that some\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 champions of the technology have promised.  The discursive style which incorporated stances of the provocateur marginalized Ds\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s contributions.  Ds did not have a repertoire of strategies to discourse successfully with D. 

\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 D never directed a response to t\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 he only other male in the seminar.  D was clearly performing his linguistic routines for the \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 ladies\'94\loch\f44 
 of the seminar.  Did this also marginalize C who was the second lowest contributor in the seminar?  Was this the dynamic that interfered with K\hich\f44 \rquote \loch\f44 s attempt\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 s\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 to solicit response? Is this the linguistic display of a high status male that the female members of this seminar responded to? How could K as a female member of this linguistic community successfully compete?
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \tab 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Are there linguistically competent strategie\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
s that we should be teaching our students enrolled in virtual conference, web based courses?  At the very least, we need not perpetuate the myth that all Internet communications and virtual participants are treated equally.  They are not. Nor are their ge
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 n\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
ders or linguistic indicators of social status masked.  As educators using the new technologies to extend and promote learning opportunities for more and more students, we must provide some kind of scaffolding and protection for students like Ds who do no
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 t\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44  bring the same cultural contexts or linguistic experiences to the virtual conference table.  Rather than a \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 democratic\'94\loch\f44 
 appearing free-for-all that can lead to unequal power for participants like D, an experienced male provocateur, we should be setting u\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 p\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 some explicit expectations and rules for participation in on-line discussions.  The next virtual conference course will have a requirement that every participant in a discussion group must respond to all members of that same group within a two week time 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 p\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
eriod.  After careful analysis of the transcripts from this virtual conference seminar, it is apparent that equal participation on-line requires careful support and planning with some rules concerning attending and responding to other participants.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 References}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Bruner, J. (1990). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Acts of meaning}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\ul\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Cazden, C. (1986). Classroom discourse. In M.C. Wittrock (Ed.), }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Handbook of research on teaching}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  (pp.432-463). NY:MacMillan.
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Davis, B.H & Brewer, J.P. (1997). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Electr\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
onic discourse: Linguistic individuals in virtual space}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\ul\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  NY: SUNY.
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Gumperz, J. (1982). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Discourse Strategies.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Herring, S. (1996). Posting in a different voice. In C. Ess (Ed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\ul\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 .),}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\f44\fs20\ul\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  Philosophical perspectives on computer-med\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 iated communication}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  (pp. 115-145). NY:SUNY.
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 Herring, S., Johnson, D., & DiBenedetto, T. (1992). Participation in electronic discourse in a \'93\loch\f44 \hich\f44 feminist\'94\loch\f44  field. In M. Bucholtz, K. Hall, & B. Moonwomon (Eds.),}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  Locating power: Proceedings of the second Berkeley\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  women and language conference}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  (pp.250-62). Berkeley,CA: Berkeley Women and Language Group.
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Schiffrin, D. (1995). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Approaches to discourse.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  Cambridge, MA: Blackwell Publishers.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Tannen, D. (1994). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Talking from 9 to 5.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  NY: Avon Books
\par 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Wertsch, J. (1990). T\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 he voice of rationality in a sociocultural approach to mind. In L.C. Moll (Ed.), }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Vygotsky and education: Instructional implications and applications of sociohistorical psychology}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs20\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
 (pp.111-126). Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af44\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\fs24\cf1\ulc1\insrsid5667950 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210030dd4329a8060000a41b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87
615b8116d8a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad
79482a9c0498f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b
5d8a314d3c94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab
999fb7b4717509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9
699640f6719e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd586
8b37a088d1e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d6
0cf03ac1a5193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f
9e7ef3f2d117d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be
15c308d3f28acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a9979
3849c26ae66252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d
32a423279a668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2a
f074481847bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86
e877f0034e16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d331115bebc4eb813bf83291b63624a0d1475a756c734f9bbc2cd28546ecbe1e20a3794ca175f3fae90
fb6d2dd99bb07b55e5ccf68942bd0877b23c77b908e8db5f9db7f024d9239010f35bd4bbe2fcae387bfff9e2bc289f2fbe24cfaa301468dd8bd846dbb4ddf1c2
ae7b4c191ba8292337a469bc25ec3d411f06f53a73e224c5292c8de0516732307070a1c0660d125c7d44553488700a4d7bddd3444299910e254ab984c3a219ae
a4adf1d0f82b7bd46cea4388ad1c12ab5d1ed8e1153d9c9f350a3246aad01c6873462b9ac05999ad5cc988826eafc3acae853a33b7ba11cd1445875ba1b236b1
399483c90bd560b0b0263435085a21b0f22a9cf9356b38ec6046026d77eba3dc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c7ca9c225a0f1b0cfae0788ad5
4adc5a9aec1b703b8b93caec1a0bd8e5de7b132fe5113cf312503b998e2c2927274bd051db6b35979b1ef271daf6c6704e86c73805af4bdd476216c26593af84
0dfb5393d964f9cc9bad5c313709ea70f561ed3ea7b053075221d51696910d0d339585004b34272bff7213cc7a510a5454a3b349b1b206c1f0af490176745d4b
c663e2abb2b34b23da76f6352ba57ca2881844c1111ab189d8c7e07e1daaa04f40255c77988aa05fe06e4e5bdb4cb9c5394bbaf28d98c1d971ccd20867e556a7
689ec9166e0a522183792b8907ba55ca6e943bbf2a26e52f48957218ffcf54d1fb09dc3eac04da033e5c0d0b8c74a6b43d2e54c4a10aa511f5fb021a07533b20
5ae07e17a621a8e082dafc17e450ffb739676998b48643a4daa7211214f623150942f6a02c99e83b85583ddbbb2c4996113211551257a656ec1139246ca86be0
aadedb3d1441a89b6a929501833b197fee7b9641a3503739e57c732a59b1f7da1cf8a73b1f9bcca0945b874d4393dbbf10b1680f66bbaa5d6f96e77b6f59113d
316bb31a795600b3d256d0cad2fe354538e7566b2bd69cc6cbcd5c38f0e2bcc63058344429dc2121fd07f63f2a7c66bf76e80d75c8f7a1b622f878a18941d840
545fb28d07d205d20e8ea071b283369834296bdaac75d256cb37eb0bee740bbe278cad253b8bbfcf69eca23973d939b97891c6ce2cecd8da8e2d343578f6648a
c2d0383fc818c798cf64e52f597c740f1cbd05df0c264c49134cf09d4a60e8a107260f20f92d47b374e32f000000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100
0dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f7
8277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89
d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd500
1996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0f
bfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a
0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021
0030dd4329a8060000a41b00001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d001400060008
00000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000b20900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ad0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000001089
4c0d14dccf01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}